when you want to know where you're going
you need a compass and when you know
where you're going in life you choose a
different sort of compass a compass
swimming pools compass is an all
Australian pool manufacturer world
leaders in the industry since 1980 their
philosophy has been to create and
maintain the safest pools possible with
first-class quality control and
excellent value for money to achieve
that worthwhile goal compass has
invested in continuous research and
development which resulted in 1995 with
brilliant new patented technology the
ceramic composite pool with by luminous
interior this is a segment of a campus
pool it's remarkably strong and the new
composite technology means there are now
two additional layers which provide
greater waterproofing and brighter
colors as you can see the pool wall is
incredibly smooth so it's gentle on arms
and legs and it stays clean for added
safety the floor and the steps all have
a special non-skid finish in winter it's
a marvelous insulator so it's always
prison to touch and the water stays
warmer for longer saving on your heating
bills and the buy lumina process gives
you incredible colors
compass has a marvelous range of
different polls size shape style it's
all up to you the customer you can check
out all the many possibilities at
compass pools comte you
the compass has such confidence in the
strength and durability of their pools
they come with a 20 year structural
guarantee the compass knows that the
pool isn't everything the pool is the
centerpiece it must be beautiful
functional and enjoyable but the pool is
just part of what compass calls the pool
zone the whole area must work together
practically and aesthetically where and
how the pool is positioned the way it
interacts with your lifestyle how many
family and friends will enjoy it safety
and cleaning issues all these aspects
and affect your experience of your new
pool once again you can log on to
compass pools combo you for help with
all these decisions or a compass pools
representative will be happy to come to
you at your convenience and personally
assist you with planning your unique and
special pool zone one option to consider
is the compass Vantage system it's a
world first for composite pools a
flexible affordable inbuilt cleaning and
circulation system developed by compass
in 1997 the Vantage system makes it easy
to swim in a cleaner healthier warmer
pool like a mountain stream the Vantage
muzzles continually circulate the water
from top to bottom so it always feels
fresh and clean that same strong gentle
flow also moves all the breath of one
area of the pool and into the collection
zone and compass Vantage will save your
money year after year because you'll be
using fewer chemicals to keep your pool
Christine and viewer with Vantage your
pool is ready for you whenever you're
ready to dive in it's all automatic so
efficient you'll forget all
and so quiet you could even be sleeping
by the pool and not even know it's
cleaning itself another compass
advantage is you don't have to spend
weeks or even months putting up with
construction with a big hole in your
backyard your compass pool arrives in
one piece and is delivered in one day
this one here arrives at 8 o'clock this
morning it'll have water and it by
sunset and the decking will be completed
in a week
imagine that day the day you change your
life enhance your lifestyle and increase
the value of your home with a compass
pool in your backyard but remember it's
not just the pool it's the campus pool
zone so log on to compass pills dot-com
dot a you to find your nearest compass
pools do and then you can arrange to
chat to a compass pool expert about how
to create your ideal compass pool zone